After dinner, the emperor came to the table and the queen came to the king.
But it’s been a long time since I entered the palace.
There are many things to deal with in surrender
He did not enter the palace and went to the back of the stage to finish the invitation.
The princess is only good at saving people once
Not good at managing household items?
I don't want to
Let Lin Long fuck
Oops, there's a way
I won’t let the princess fuck me anymore
You can also let the prince
Have more time to enter the palace
I was mistaken for you
A nice girl Xia Zhuyuan
Let him marry into Prince Hui's Mansion
How about making a plan that will lead to death?
Since the girl is nice
She shouldn't have promised me that she is the queen mother
This emperor has not married him yet
I really can’t marry Lin Long again
What do you think?
Since ancient times
Husband and wife can only be two people
Between couples who have feelings for each other
It does not appear in the three types of low-level Xi
Are you going to resist your mother?
The second brother and the second sister-in-law are so loving
This is our share of Huaxia
It’s better not to break her up
You are indeed worthy of me
If you don't marry
It's just disrespectful and disrespectful
He is a lover who will be thrown into jail
Since ancient times
Then someone else is going to make the emperor angry.
What's your stance?
Talk to Aiga again
You need to know your location in kilometers
Everything must be listened to by the Aiga Party